[DataGrid] Default toolbar setup (#574)
mui-org/material-ui-x: docs/src/pages/components/data-grid/rendering/rendering.md

As part of the customization API, the grid allows you to replace and override nested components with the `components` prop. The prop accepts an object with the following keys:

- `header`: The component rendered above the column header bar.

> - `toolbar`: The component rendered above the column header bar and the custom `header` component if provided.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

- `noRowsOverlay`: The component rendered when the rows react prop is empty or [].
- `footer`: The component rendered below the viewport.
- `pagination`: The component rendered for the pagination feature.

> - `toolbar`: The component rendered above the column header bar and the custom `header` component if provided.

Reviewer: They are sorted by vertical display order. I assume it should be before `header`

Author: done

{{"demo": "pages/components/data-grid/rendering/CustomPaginationGrid.js", "bg": "inline"}}

> ### Toolbar

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Header
```

You can replace the default toolbar by providing a `header` component.
This demo showcases how this can be achieve.

{{"demo": "pages/components/data-grid/rendering/CustomToolbarGrid.js", "bg": "inline"}}

> 

Reviewer: I would suggest we document the components in the vertical order they are rendered in the grid, so moving this section before `### Loading overlay`.

Author: Done

{{"demo": "pages/components/data-grid/rendering/CustomPaginationGrid.js", "bg": "inline"}}

### Toolbar

The grid exposes props to hide specific elements of the UI:

- `hideToolbar`: If `true`, the toolbar component is hidden.

> By default, we provide a default toolbar. You can replace it by providing your own implementation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can replace the default toolbar by providing your own implementation.
```

> By default, we provide a default toolbar with opinianted functionality. You can replace our default toolbar by providing your own implementation.

Reviewer 2: opinianted??

Author: I didn't know how to call it. Maybe that is not the best way to describe it, but we will put functionality in it that we think is useful. Maybe just having it as `By default, we provide a default toolbar.` is better.

Author: done

### Toolbar

> You can replace the default toolbar by providing a `header` component.

Reviewer 2: I'm lost with this. I thought we would add a toolbar slot

Reviewer: This PR is 3 months old
